# APython

## About the Project

The goal of this project is to enable the execution of Python programs on Android.

Although there are other projects which accomplish that (most noticeably the [python-for-android project](https://github.com/kivy/python-for-android)), none of them allow **multiple Python versions** to be installed at the same time and their implementation has a few disadvantages (most noticeably large apk sizes due to the fact, that every single apk contains an independent Python interpreter and modules). This project tries to resolve these problems by using a client-host principle. To achieve this, the project is divided into three parts:

### The Python-Host App

The Python-Host app provides the python interpreter and all additionally modules. Its source code can be found in this repository. This app must be installed alongside any Python app to allow them to work. The Python-Host app will also act as a packet manager. It saves memory space by providing any needed modules to the python apps, instead of having every app store a copy of the same module they need.

Additionally, the user can choose which python versions and which additional modules he wants to have installed, giving him the ability to fine-tune the memory usage of the Python Host. Python versions and modules are downloaded from [here](https://github.com/Abestanis/APython-Libs).

It also provides these additional features:
* A Python interpreter to freely explore the possibilities of Python.
* A download manager to download Python versions and additional modules.

_See the issues for unimplemented features._

Information: This app, while functional, is **not finished yet**. Bugs may occur and some needed functionality may not yet be implemented.

### The PyToApk-Tool

This Python script convert a Python program into an apk which can be uploaded to an Android device and used with the Python-Host app. More information is provided [here](https://github.com/Abestanis/APython_PyToApk).

### The Python App

This represents an App that is generated by the PyToApk-Tool. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/Abestanis/APython_PyApp).
